Form in the Stub Generator Application
Purpose
The form allows users (developers or testers) to manually input data into the stub server. This can be used to:

Create initial stub responses before the actual external service is available.
Update existing stub responses with new data.
Ensure that the application can operate with pre-defined responses during development or testing phases.
Components Involved
Frontend Form:

A web form built using React (or any other frontend framework).
Collects data from the user that will be stored as stub responses.
Backend Endpoint:

A Flask route that handles form submissions.
Processes the data received from the form and stores it in the stub server.
Stub Server:

Stores the manually inputted stub responses.
Serves these responses when the external service is down.
Detailed Workflow
1. User Accesses the Form
The user navigates to a part of the application where they can input data through a form. This form typically includes fields relevant to the API responses that need to be stubbed.

Example Fields:
API Endpoint
HTTP Method (GET, POST, etc.)
Response Data (JSON format)
Status Code
2. User Submits the Form
The user fills in the form fields and submits the form. The frontend application captures the form data and sends it to the backend via an API call.

Form Submission:
The form data is sent as a POST request to a specific endpoint on the backend.
Example: POST /api/stub-data
3. Backend Receives the Form Data
The Flask application receives the form data through a defined route. This route processes the incoming data and stores it in the stub server.

Processing the Data:
The backend parses the received JSON data.
Validates the data to ensure it is correctly formatted.
Stores the data in the stub server (in-memory store, file, or database).
4. Stub Server Stores the Data
The stub server maintains a collection of stub responses. When new data is received from the form, it updates this collection.

Storage:
Each stub response is stored with an identifier (e.g., endpoint + method).
The stub server can quickly retrieve and serve this data when required.
5. Confirmation to the User
After storing the data, the backend sends a confirmation response back to the frontend. The frontend can then display a success message to the user, indicating that the stub data has been successfully stored.

Example Confirmation:
JSON response: {"status": "success", "message": "Stub data stored successfully"}
6. Using the Stub Data
When the application makes an API call and the external service is down, the interceptor retrieves the relevant stub data from the stub server and returns it to the application.

User Guide for the Form
Navigate to the Form:

Access the URL or section of the application where the form is available.
Fill in the Form:

Enter the API endpoint, HTTP method, response data, and status code.
Example: For a GET request to /api/user returning a user object:
Endpoint: /api/user
Method: GET
Response Data: {"id": 1, "name": "John Doe"}
Status Code: 200
Submit the Form:

Click the submit button to send the data to the backend.
Receive Confirmation:

A success message or alert will confirm that the stub data has been stored.
Benefits of Using the Form
Flexibility: Allows developers and testers to quickly create and update stub responses without needing the actual external service.
Efficiency: Speeds up development and testing by providing immediate, predefined responses.
Reliability: Ensures the application can function even when external services are unavailable by serving stub data.
By using the form, users can manually input the necessary data into the stub server, ensuring that the application has a reliable source of responses for testing and development purposes. This enhances the robustness and flexibility of the development process.
